3418 get resource, response doesn't contain total if consent service enabled (#3420)
hapifhir/hapi-fhir: hapi-fhir-docs/src/main/resources/ca/uhn/hapi/fhir/docs/security/consent_interceptor.md

* It can apply consent directives (e.g. by reading relevant Consent resources)

> * The consent service suppresses search the total being returned in Bundle.total for search results even use the `_total` parameter or `_summary=count`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The consent service suppresses search the total being returned in Bundle.total for search results, even if the user explicitly requested them using the `_total=accurate` or `_summary=count` parameter.
```
